# BEY0003 Use tabs correctly

The code contains a tab or space character which is not consistent with the current project settings.

## Rule description

A violation of this rule occurs whenever the code contains a tab or space character which is not consistent with the
current project settings. By default, Beyond Analyzers does not expect code to contain any tab characters.

In all configurations, this violation is always reported for tab characters that appear after the first non-whitespace
character on a line. When tab characters are used in these positions, it is not possible to ensure that varying tab
widths do not change the layout of code.

### Default behavior

The default behavior matches the behavior of Beyond Classic, which was based on the following rationale.

> Tabs should not be used within C# code, because the length of the tab character can vary depending upon the editor being
> used to view the code. This can cause the spacing and indexing of the code to vary from the developer's original
> intention, and can in some cases make the code difficult to read.
> 
> For these reasons, tabs should not be used, and each level of indentation should consist of four spaces. This will
> ensure that the code looks the same no matter which editor is being used to view the code.

### Exclusions

To avoid unintentionally changing the behavior of code, this violation is never reported in the following scenarios.

* String literals, including interpolated string literals in C# 6

* Character literals

* Commented code (line comments starting with `////`). This ensures that literals within commented code are not changed.

* Disabled text

    ```csharp
    #if DEBUG
    This is ignored in release configurations
    #else
    This is ignored in debug configurations
    #endif
    ```

## How to fix violations

To fix a violation of this rule, use spaces or tabs to indent lines according to the project settings, and avoid the use
of tabs aside from indentation.

## How to suppress violations

```csharp
#pragma warning disable BEY0003 // TabsMustNotBeUsed
#pragma warning restore BEY0003 // TabsMustNotBeUsed
```
